---
머신러닝
---

# L25_ 머신러닝 개요
#### 인공지능 : 규칙 기반 시스템+머신러닝
#### 머신러닝 : 데이터에서 기계사 스스로 패턴을 학습, 딥러닝을 제외한 머신러닝 기법들은 전통적인 머신러닝
#### 딥러닝 : 인공신경망 알고리즘을 사용. 자연어처리, 이미지 처리

#### 전통적인 머신러닝: 선형회귀, 로지스틱 회귀, K-NN, Decision Tree, 나이브 베이즈, SVM -> 
	- Ensemble: Bagging - Random Forest, Boosting - Adaboost, XGboost
#### 딥러닝 기초 : TensorFlow / Keras
•	Fully-connected layer
•	Loss function
•	Backpropagation
•	Optimizer
•	Activation Function
•	Drop out
•	Batch size
딥러닝 - Convolutional Neural Network ; RNN / LSTM / GRU

## 5 Machine Learning Specialization

#### 1: Supervised Learning : Regression : predict number infinitely many possible outputs.
input label x-> output level y: Learns from given right answer. 
e.g. spam filtering emails, 
e.g. Housing price prediction : horizontal: house size, vertical: price, 
	Learning algorithm might be able to fit in straight line to the data, and predict the price from it,
	However, straight line could not be the best, algorithm can fit in a more complex curve and predict. But how can you decide whether to use straight line or curve or other thing to this data?
- Regression: predict a number from infinitely many possible numbers / outputs.

#### 2: Classification algorithm: predict categories, small number of possible outputs.
True or False , two outputs. e.g. Breast cancer detection Malignant or benign with different sizes.
Classification: class or category. Prediction can be numbers or non-numeric. We can predict the picture. 
The difference between the Regression and Classification when interpreting the numbers, is that classification predicts a small finite limited set of possible output categories such as 0, 1 and 2 but not in between (float). 

#### Unsupervised learning: Find something interesting in unlabeled data.
This is not to give the right answer for every input. Instead, we ask the algorithm to figure out all by itself what’s interesting or what patterns or structures there might be. 
An unsupervised learning algorithm might decide that the data can be assigned to two different groups/categories/clusters which shows particular pattern of clusters. 
#### CLUSTERING : google news , showing headlines that has similar words in group/cluster. Takes data without labels, and tries to automatically group them into clusters.

### Linear Regression; 
Filling a straight line to your data, models that’s specialized.  
•	E.g. House size and prices: Price prediction from data linear regression , filling a straight line. 
This is example of supervised learning because you are first training your model by giving a data that’s the right answer
